---
title: 2016 Results
layout: resultpage
description: 2016 UMO Results
---

Grading of the 2016 Utah Math Olympiad is now complete. We'd like to congratulate all those who participated, as there were many insightful and promising submissions. While we are especially recognizing the following students, we would like to emphasize that a low score does not at all indicate a lack of mathematical ability or potential.

Congratulations to the winners of the 2016 UMO! Here are the top five finishers:

- 1: Annie Yun (28 points)
- 2: Liam Thomas (26 points)
- 3: Tianlin (Nate) Ji (21 points)
- 3: Daniel South (21 points)
- 3: Dylan Webb (21 points)

The following prizes will be awarded for these placements: $150, $120, $50, $50, and $50, respectively. In addition to recognizing the top five scorers, we would also like to award $20 for the best solution to each of the following problems:

- Problem 1: Erik Harding
- Problem 2: Daniel South
- Problem 3: Lucy Ward
- Problem 5: Annie Yun

We would like to thank the math department at Brigham Young University for generously providing this year's prize money.

The scores of all participants are included in the link below. If you opted to receive scores and comments by email, you should also have received that email. If you cannot remember your ID number, or have any issue receiving your score and comments, please email [contact@utahmath.org](mailto:contact@utahmath.org) using the email that you gave us when you registered for the contest, and we will assist you.

[2016 UMO Scores](/doc/2016UMOscores.pdf)
